Misc
If you could have a conversation with anyone, living or dead, who would you choose and why?
If you could instantly master any skill or hobby, what would it be and why?
If your life were a movie, what would the title be?
If you could live inside any movie or TV show for a week, which one would you pick?
If your personality had a theme song, what would it be?
If someone gave you a one-way ticket to anywhere in the world right now, where would you go—and why?
If your day had a rating like a movie (G, PG, R…), what would today be and why?
If animals could talk, which one do you think would be the rudest?
If your name had to be a sound effect (like boing or zap), what would it be?
If you opened a restaurant with zero cooking skills, what would you name it?
If you could ask your future self one yes/no question, what would it be?
Is there a quote or phrase you think about more often than you'd admit?
If your phone had a “most used thought” app, what would it say you think about the most?
If you could pause time for 24 hours, what’s the first thing you’d do?
If your mood today were a color or a weather forecast, what would it be?
If your life had background music, what genre would be playing this week?
If you could swap lives with a fictional character for a day, who would it be—and what would you do?
What's the biggest most dangerous animal that you are convinced that you could take on in a fight?
What’s the most random or unusual thing you’ve ever Googled?
What’s a small thing that instantly makes your day better?
What's the dumbest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s a food you wish you liked but just can’t get into?
What’s the weirdest compliment you’ve ever received?
What’s something totally random that you know a lot about?
What’s the most "you" item in your bag or pocket right now?
What’s your most irrational fear that you secretly know is ridiculous?
What’s a conspiracy theory you don’t believe but still love talking about?
What’s a simple moment from this year that made you unexpectedly happy?
What do people often assume about you that’s totally wrong?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to try, but haven’t yet?
What’s something you believed as a kid that still makes you laugh now?
What’s your go-to “fun fact” when you need to introduce yourself?
What’s a really specific smell that instantly brings back a memory for you?
What’s something totally ordinary that you find oddly satisfying?
What’s a “little win” recently that made you feel way prouder than it should have?